temporary rewards explanation plus Staking Provider consistency edit (#2)
nucypher/interim-pre-app-docs: docs/source/node_operation/node_providers.rst

.. _node-providers:

===========================
Staking Providers
===========================

> You can delegate running a PRE node to one of the 'node-as-a-service' Staking Providers listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delegate running a PRE node to one of the *node-as-a-service* Staking Providers listed below.
```
